Context 1. Heinz’s wife has recently fallen ill and needs an expensive medication that is not covered by her medical insurance. They don’t have the money needed to purchase the expensive prescription, but they know that it’s vital for her to have it if she is going to recover. In this situation, what are some things you believe Heinz could do? Please list 5. 

Context 2. Josh is on the way to the airport to catch a flight to a hunting safari in Africa. He leaves with plenty of time to make it there, but his car breaks down on the highway. Now Josh is sitting in his car near a busy intersection, and knows he needs to get to airport soon if he is going to catch his flight. In this situation, what are some things you believe Josh could do? Please list 5. 


Context 3. Brian is the evening manager at a bakery. Near the end of the day, he realizes that $50.75 is missing from the register and that he is responsible for accounting for the money at the end of the day. Brian knows he has to make sure the register is balanced or he might lose his job. In this situation, what are some things you believe Brian could do? Please list 5. 


Context 4. Liz decides to go to the gym on her lunch break to play a game of racquetball with a friend. When she gets to the gym, she realizes that her membership has expired since she last went. Since she left her phone at her desk in the office, she has no way of letting her friend know. In this situation, what are some things you believe Liz could do? Please list 5. 


Context 5. Mary is about to go to her final class of the day when she remembers that there is a homework assignment that is due. Mary’s mom accidentally took her homework assignment out of her backpack when she was making room for her lunch. Now Mary has nothing to turn in for credit. In this situation, what are some things you believe Mary could do? Please list 5. 

Context 6. Brad and some friends are hiking through the mountains in the Canadian wilderness. A couple of days into their hike, Brad realizes that they are lost. He knows that a rescue crew could arrive before long, but it is extremely cold and they don’t have much food or water left. In this situation, what are some things you believe Brad could do? Please list 5. 

Context 7. Darya is on her way to a concert with her friends. As they approach the entrance her friend Ted realizes he forgot his ticket at his house. The concert is about to start and Ted would likely miss most of the concert if he returned to his house for his ticket. In this situation, what are some things you believe Darya could do? Please list 5. 

Context 8. Eunice is sunbathing at the beach next to a family with young children. When the family is playing in the water, she sees a teenager begin to go through their belongings but she isn’t sure whether or not he’s part of the family. In this situation, what are some things you believe Eunice could do? Please list 5. 

Context 9. Eamon is driving home on a two-lane road and thinks the driver ahead of him is intoxicated. The car has been slowly drifting between the two lanes and is currently driving in the middle of road. In this situation, what are some things you believe Eamon could do? Please list 5. 

Context 10. Cameron is filling up his car at a gas station on his way home from work when a woman approaches him to ask for a ride to a nearby city. The city is in the same direction as his house but it’s 10 miles further than he planned to go. In this situation, what are some things you believe Cameron could do? Please list 5. 

Context 11. Erica is leaving the mall on a hot summer day. In the parking lot, she notices a dog in the back of a car without any of its windows open. The dog is panting heavily and looks tired. In this situation, what are some things you believe Erica could do? Please list 5. 

Context 12. Carl is a chef on his way to a food festival in Chicago. He is in line to go through security at the airport when he realizes he accidentally brought a large knife in his bag. In this situation, what are some things you believe Carl could do? Please list 5. 

Context 13. Daniel is the ring bearer at his sister’s wedding. 10 minutes into the ceremony, he reaches into his pocket but the ring isn’t there. He realizes he left it on the seat next to him in the taxi. In this situation, what are some things you believe Daniel could do? Please list 5. 

Context 14. Andy’s mother just died and without her, his father is unable to take care of himself. Andy can’t afford to put his father in a retirement home and his apartment has barely enough room for one person. In this situation, what are some things you believe Andy could do? Please list 5. 

Context 15.Ahmed is the captain of a 50-passenger cruise ship. Four days into their trip they get caught in a storm and the engine breaks under the pressure. They are now stranded at sea. A rescue boat is on its way but might not arrive for a week. Their food supplies are quickly dwindling and Ahmed isn’t sure what to instruct the passengers and crew. In this situation, what are some things you believe Ahmed could do? Please list 5. 

Context 16. Eva and Todd are on a mountain climbing trip in Arizona. In the middle of their longest day Todd slips and gets his arm trapped in a crevice. Eva tries calling 911 but she has no service. The sun is beating down on them and Eva is worried that she might be getting dehydrated as she unsuccessfully tries to get his arm out of the rock. In this situation, what are some things you believe Eva could do? Please list 5. 

Context 17. Jeff works the night shift at a 24/7 convenience store. Every day at 7am the owner of the store, Jeff’s boss, takes over for the morning shift. Today, Jeff has an important court appointment at 8am but his boss hasn’t shown up yet and isn’t returning his calls. In this situation, what are some things you believe Jeff could do? Please list 5. 

Context 18. Shania is competing in a 100-mile dogsledding race in Minnesota. She hopes to come in first and use the prize money to pay for her college tuition. Halfway through the race she finds one of her competitors lying unconscious next to his crashed sled. In this situation, what are some things you believe Shania could do? Please list 5. 