1. You and your friend are on a mountain climbing trip in Arizona. In the middle of the longest day your friend slips and gets her arm trapped in a crevice. You try to call 911 but you have no service. The sun is beating down and you are worried that you might be getting dehydrated as you unsuccessfully try to get her arm out of the rock. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
2. Your mother just died and, without her, your father is unable to take care of himself. You can’t afford to put your father in a retirement home and your apartment has barely enough room for one person. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
3. You are about to go to your final class of the day when you remember that there is a homework assignment that is due. Your mom accidentally took your homework assignment out of your backpack when she was making room for your lunch. Now you have nothing to turn in for credit. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
4. Your significant other has recently fallen ill and needs an expensive medication that is not covered by your medical insurance. You do not have the money needed to purchase the expensive prescription medication, but you know that it is vital for them to have it if they are going to recover. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
5. You are filling up your car at a gas station on your way home from work when a woman approaches you to ask for a ride to a nearby city. The city is in the same direction as your house but it’s 10 miles further than you had planned to go. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
6. You are the evening manager at a bakery. Near the end of the day, you realize that $50.75 is missing from the register and that you are responsible for accounting for the money at the end of the day. You know you have to make sure the register is balanced or the manager will make the entire staff work overtime to make up for it. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
7. You are on your way to a concert with some friends. As you approach the entrance your friend Ted realizes he forgot his ticket at his house. The concert is about to start and Ted would likely miss most of the concert if he returned to his house for his ticket. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
8. You are leaving the mall on a hot summer day. In the parking lot, you notice a dog in the back of a car without any of its windows open. The dog is panting heavily and looks tired. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
9. You are the ring bearer at your sister’s wedding. 10 minutes into the ceremony, you reach into your pocket but the ring isn’t there. You realize you left it on the seat next to you in the taxi. In this situation, what are some things you could do?
10. You work the night shift at a 24/7 convenience store. Every day at 7am the owner of the store, your boss, takes over for the morning shift. Today, you have an important court appointment at 8 but your boss hasn't shown up yet and isn't returning your calls. In this situation, what is something you do?